Update "queue plan" button text (#2261)
hashicorp/terraform-website: content/cloud-docs/run/index.mdx

- The [API-driven run workflow](/cloud-docs/run/api), which is more flexible but requires you to create some tooling.
- The [CLI-driven run workflow](/cloud-docs/run/cli), which uses Terraform's standard CLI tools to execute runs in Terraform Cloud.

> You can initiate Terraform Cloud runs through the manual **Queue plan** action in the workspace actions menu, VCS webhooks, the standard `terraform apply` command (with the CLI integration configured), and [the Runs API](/cloud-docs/api-docs/run) (or any tool that uses that API).

Author: ```suggestion
You can initiate Terraform Cloud runs through the manual **Start new run** action in the workspace actions menu, VCS webhooks, the standard `terraform apply` command (with the CLI integration configured), and [the Runs API](/cloud-docs/api-docs/run) (or any tool that uses that API).
```
